Move contributor documentation to CONTRIBUTING.md (#7381)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: CONTRIBUTING.md

    - [Follow Your Issue](#follow-your-issue)
  - [Contributing Guidelines](#contributing-guidelines)
    - [Contributor License Agreement (CLA)](#contributor-license-agreement-cla)
    - [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
    - [Types of Contributions](#types-of-contributions)
  - [Frequently Asked Questions](#frequently-asked-questions)
    - [Rush commands take too long, is there a way to speed up my contribution workflow?](#rush-commands-take-too-long-is-there-a-way-to-speed-up-my-contribution-workflow)
    - [Do I have to rebuild all packages in the repo, even those I didn't work on?](#do-i-have-to-rebuild-all-packages-in-the-repo-even-those-i-didnt-work-on)
    - [A subdirectory can not find a node\_modules file or directory](#a-subdirectory-can-not-find-a-node_modules-file-or-directory)
    - [Updating dependencies/devDependencies on packages within the monorepo](#updating-dependenciesdevdependencies-on-packages-within-the-monorepo)
    - [Updating dependencies/devDependencies on packages external to monorepo](#updating-dependenciesdevdependencies-on-packages-external-to-monorepo)

## Repo Setup

> This repository is a [monorepo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monorepo) that holds the source code to multiple iTwin.js npm packages. It is built using [Rush](http://rushjs.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is a [monorepo](https://monorepo.tools/) that holds the source code for multiple [iTwin.js npm packages](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=%40itwin). It is built using [Rush](http://rushjs.io/).
```

Each package has its own **node_modules** directory that contains symbolic links to *common* dependencies managed by Rush.

1. Install dependencies: `rush install`

> 2. Clean: `rush clean`

Reviewer: honestly clean is nice to use when there are issues, but not always needed

Author: yeah, removed

3. Build source: `rush build`
4. Run tests: `rush cover`

The above commands iterate and perform their action against each package in the monorepo.

## Source Code Edit Workflow
Once you've set up the repo, you can move on to making changes to the source code by following the steps below:

> 1. At the root of the repo, run `git checkout -b "<your-branch-name>"`.

Reviewer: technically dont need to run this command at the root, you could theoretically run this in any sub dir

> 1. At the root of the repo, run `git checkout -b "<your-branch-name>"`.

Reviewer: maybe we should define branch naming policies to help more easily review contirbutions?

> 1. At the root of the repo, run `git checkout -b "<your-branch-name>"`.

Author: okay, I added a new sub section on branch naming policies

    - [Do I have to rebuild all packages in the repo, even those I didn't work on?](#do-i-have-to-rebuild-all-packages-in-the-repo-even-those-i-didnt-work-on)
    - [A subdirectory can not find a node\_modules file or directory](#a-subdirectory-can-not-find-a-node_modules-file-or-directory)
    - [Updating dependencies/devDependencies on packages within the monorepo](#updating-dependenciesdevdependencies-on-packages-within-the-monorepo)
    - [Updating dependencies/devDependencies on packages external to monorepo](#updating-dependenciesdevdependencies-on-packages-external-to-monorepo)

## Repo Setup

This repository is a [monorepo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monorepo) that holds the source code to multiple iTwin.js npm packages. It is built using [Rush](http://rushjs.io/).

Each package has its own **node_modules** directory that contains symbolic links to *common* dependencies managed by Rush.

1. Install dependencies: `rush install`
2. Clean: `rush clean`
3. Build source: `rush build`
4. Run tests: `rush cover`

> The `-v` option for `rush` is short for `--verbose` which results in a more verbose command.

Reviewer 2: This is badly worded. Just randomly explaining about a rush option after listing some rush commands doesn't really make sense. If `-v` is that important, then this should more clearly explain how to use it. If not, then this section should be removed.

Author: I've removed this section, it never made sense to me anyways

The above commands iterate and perform their action against each package in the monorepo.

## Source Code Edit Workflow
Once you've set up the repo, you can move on to making changes to the source code by following the steps below:
1. At the root of the repo, run `git checkout -b "<your-branch-name>"`
2. Make source code changes
3. Rebuild the repo by running `rush build`
4. Ensure unit tests pass when run locally: `rush cover`
5. Ensure linting passes when run locally: `rush lint`
6. Locally commit changes: `git commit` (or use the Visual Studio Code user interface)
7. Repeat steps 1-4 until ready to push changes
8. Check for API signature changes: `rush extract-api`. This will update the signature files, located in `common/api`. **Note:** before doing this, first do the following:
    - Be sure that your branch is up to date with the target branch (i.e. `git merge origin/master`)

>     - Cleanup your build output: `rush clean`

Reviewer 2: "Cleanup" is a noun, and never a verb. This should be "Clean up".

    - Rebuild the project: `rush build`
9. Review any diffs to the API signature files in the `common/api` directory to ensure they are compatible with the intended release of the package.
    - If any differences are in packages not modified on this branch, revert the changes before committing.
10. Add changelog entry (which could potentially cover several commits): `rush change`
11. Follow prompts to enter a change description or press ENTER if the change does not warrant a changelog entry. If multiple packages have changed, multiple sets of prompts will be presented. If the changes are only to non-published packages (like **display-test-app**), then `rush change` will indicate that a changelog entry is not needed.
12. Completing the `rush change` prompts will cause new changelog entry JSON files to be created.
13. Add and commit the changelog JSON files and any API signature updates.

> 14. Publish changes on the branch and open a pull request.

Reviewer 2: I feel that since all items in this list are complete sentences, they should have periods at the end. If others disagree about this, then they should at least be consistent. (Right now, a few have periods, but most don't.)

> > If executing scripts from `package.json` files in any of the subdirectories, we recommend using [`rushx`](https://rushjs.io/pages/commands/rushx/) over `npm`.

Author: We don't use quote blocks everywhere, and I feel like putting anything inside of these blocks are already strongly hinting that the sentences within are informational. So I'm removing all `Note:` inside of quote blocks

> If using the command line, steps 8 through 11 above can be completed in one step by running `rushchange.bat` from the imodeljs root directory.

Author: okay, added

    - Clean up your build output: `rush clean`.
    - Rebuild the project: `rush build`.
9. Review any diffs to the API signature files in the `common/api` directory to ensure they are compatible with the intended release of the package.
    - If any differences are in packages not modified on this branch, revert the changes before committing.
10. Add changelog entry (which could potentially cover several commits): `rush change`.
11. Follow prompts to enter a change description or press ENTER if the change does not warrant a changelog entry. If multiple packages have changed, multiple sets of prompts will be presented. If the changes are only to non-published packages (like **display-test-app**), then `rush change` will indicate that a changelog entry is not needed.
12. Completing the `rush change` prompts will cause new changelog entry JSON files to be created.
13. Add and commit the changelog JSON files and any API signature updates.
14. Publish changes on the branch and open a pull request.

> If executing scripts from `package.json` files in any of the subdirectories, we recommend using [`rushx`](https://rushjs.io/pages/commands/rushx/) over `npm`.

> If using the command line on Windows, steps 8 through 11 above can be completed in one step by running `rushchange.bat` from the imodeljs root directory.

Reviewer: i honestly would prefer to kill off the bat file, but lets not do that in this pr. plz just remove the reference to the bat file, and have users manually add and commit the change files

Author: I've removed mentions of the .bat file

Only use `rushchange.bat` if none of the changes require a changelog entry.
> The CI build will break if changes are pushed without running `rush change` and `rush extract-api` (if the API was changed). The fix will be to complete steps 6 through 11.

> Here is a sample [changelog](https://github.com/microsoft/rushstack/blob/master/apps/rush/CHANGELOG.md) to demonstrate the level of detail expected.

Reviewer: might want to note changelogs are user facing so they should avoid unecessary details

Author: added a sentence encouraging less verbosity and unnecessary fluff

- Example code snippets
- Sample data

> If you would like to contribute new APIs, create a new [discussions post](https://github.com/iTwin/itwinjs-core/discussions) and explain what these new APIs aim to accomplish. If possible check the [CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/iTwin/itwinjs-core/blob/master/.github/CODEOWNERS) file and tag the owners of the package you plan on introducing the new APIs into.

Reviewer: shouldnt we push new feature reqs to issues?
i feel discussions are for more quick/formal things

Author: I do notice many requests in other OSS projects come from the issues tab too... okay edited to suggest opening an issue instead.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Rush commands take too long, is there a way to speed up my contribution workflow?

If your source code change only impacts the subdirectory you are working on, you can use a package manager to run local commands, without affecting other packages.

Eg. I add a new method within `core/frontend`, also adding a relevant unit test in that folder's `src/test`. I can navigate to the root of that subdirectory, and run `rushx build`, followed by `rushx test` or `rushx cover`.

### Do I have to rebuild all packages in the repo, even those I didn't work on?
No. For incremental builds, the `rush build` command can be used to only build packages that have changes versus `rush rebuild` which always rebuilds all packages.

> It is a good idea to `rush install` after each `git pull` as dependencies may have changed.
>
### A subdirectory can not find a node_modules file or directory
If you get an error similar to the following:

```
[Error: ENOENT: no such file or directory, stat '/.../itwinjs-core/test-apps/display-test-app/node_modules/@bentley/react-scripts']
```
This means that the repo has stopped making use of an npm package that was used in the past:

> To fix this build error, you should completely remove the node_modules directory that is referenced in the error with `rush purge`, and then rerun `rush install`.

Reviewer: can consolidate both these commands into one with
`rush update --purge`

Author: updated

> If you would like to contribute new APIs, please check the [CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/iTwin/itwinjs-core/blob/master/.github/CODEOWNERS) file to ensure your contributions align with the package owner's and project goals.

Reviewer 2: I realize that this is from before, but I don't understand what this sentence is trying to say. What can a contributor possibly learn from looking at the CODEOWNERS file?

Author: okay, modified

Thank you for taking the time to contribute to open source and making great projects like iTwin.js possible!

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Rush commands take too long, is there a way to speed up my contribution workflow?

If your source code change only impacts the subdirectory you are working on, you can use a package manager to run local commands, without affecting other packages.

> Eg. I add a new method within `core/frontend`, also adding a relevant unit test in that folder's `src/test`. I can navigate to the root of that subdirectory, and run `pnpm build`, followed by `pnpm test` or `pnpm cover`.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't the default recommendation be `rushx` instead of `pnpm`?

Author: yes, I just fixed it

- Example code snippets
- Sample data

If you would like to contribute new APIs, create a new [issue](https://github.com/iTwin/itwinjs-core/issues) and explain what these new APIs aim to accomplish. If possible check the [CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/iTwin/itwinjs-core/blob/master/.github/CODEOWNERS) file and tag the owners of the package you plan on introducing the new APIs into.

Thank you for taking the time to contribute to open source and making great projects like iTwin.js possible!

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Rush commands take too long, is there a way to speed up my contribution workflow?

> If your source code change only impacts the subdirectory you are working on, you can use a package manager to run local commands, without affecting other packages.

Reviewer: i do not recommend using any other package manager. if you are working in a subdirectory in this monorepo, they should use rushx. others might work, but should not be recommended

Author: Okay, I've explicitly mentioned using 'rushx' to run local commands instead
